Auto plugin docs. (#1213)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/accelerators.md

   }]
}
```

## Using AUTO Plugin

[Auto Device](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_AUTO.html) (or AUTO in short) is a new special “virtual” or “proxy” device in the OpenVINO toolkit, it doesn’t bind to a specific type of HW device.
AUTO solves the complexity in application required to code a logic for the HW device selection (through HW devices) and then, on the deducing the best optimization settings on that device.
AUTO always chooses the best device, if compiling model fails on this device, AUTO will try to compile it on next best device until one of them succeeds.
Make sure you have passed the devices and access to the devices you want to use in for the docker image. For example with:
```--device=/dev/dri --group-add=$(stat -c "%g" /dev/dri/render* | head -n 1) -u $(id -u):$(id -g)```

> To enable AUTO Plugin as target device, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of the command with AUTO Plugin as target device. It includes extra docker parameters to enable GPU (/dev/dri) , beside CPU.
```

@sphinxdirective

   .. code-block:: sh

        docker run --rm -d --device=/dev/dri --group-add=$(stat -c "%g" /dev/dri/render* | head -n 1) -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v <model_path>:/opt/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \
            --model_path /opt/model --model_name my_model --port 9001 \
            --target_device AUTO

@endsphinxdirective

> ## Performance Hints

Reviewer: It duplicates the content from performance_tuning doc

   }]
}
```

## Using AUTO Plugin

[Auto Device](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_AUTO.html) (or AUTO in short) is a new special “virtual” or “proxy” device in the OpenVINO toolkit, it doesn’t bind to a specific type of HW device.
AUTO solves the complexity in application required to code a logic for the HW device selection (through HW devices) and then, on the deducing the best optimization settings on that device.
AUTO always chooses the best device, if compiling model fails on this device, AUTO will try to compile it on next best device until one of them succeeds.

> To enable AUTO Plugin as target device, use the following command:

Reviewer: It should be mentioned how to tune the performance with AUTO plugin - PERFORMANCE_HINT LATENCY or THROUGHPUT. What is the default?

@sphinxdirective

   .. code-block:: sh

>         docker run --rm -d -v <model_path>:/opt/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \

Reviewer: such command will work only with CPU device. While other device is the be enabled, also it's special docker parameters needs to be added also.
For example with GPU also --device /dev/dri and group context etc.
It should be mentioned are even added to the example

            --model_path /opt/model --model_name my_model --port 9001 \
            --target_device AUTO

@endsphinxdirective

> > NOTE: --target_device AUTO and --shape 'auto' should not be used together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: currently, AUTO plugin cannot be used with `--shape auto` parameter while GPU device is enabled. 
```
